after a long trek across the ash fields
a group of anatta titan gather around a
stagnant pool to drink and feed huge
batteries of chewing teeth makes short
work of the vegetation
once again the Predators make the
water's edge a dangerous place
the group senses danger starts to break
up
the mother Tyrannosaurus has broken her
fast and she is back with a vengeance in
the bushes nearby is the reason for her
hunger three Tyrannosaurus chicks wait
the only survivors from a clutch of
twelve the moment they hear the kill
they start calling for food
[Music]
the mother delivers a slab of an atta
tighten meat only four weeks old and
less than a meter high competition is
intense between the chicks and one is
already picked on by the other two they
will remain under their mothers
protection for at least the next two
months soon after that she will abandon
them or worse view them as food it is
unlikely the outcasts will last that
long
[Music]
a few days later and the mother rests in
the warm afternoon Sun already there is
no sign of the smaller runt he may well
have been killed by his siblings